# Pathfinder-Mark-IV
What: Mark IV will be the fourth generation of my hexapod line: Pathfinder (not to be confused with the Hack Club YSWS). Mark IV will feature major consistency improvements to Mark III (mainly just not featuring buck converters). Additionally, Mark IV has an I2C expander connected to 8 ToF sensors that should allow the finished robot to have some form of autonomous movement.

Note: This project primarily focuses on the PCB of the Mark IV, as the body has already been printed, so it's a secondary focus (however, design tweaks may still be made to it).

Why: I began Pathfinder after my physics teacher encouraged me to join my school's science fair. I had always had an idea for a spider robot that I kept at the back of my mind, but this pushed me to bring it to life. Over the next few weeks, I poured hours every day into learning more about mechanical and electrical engineering. I also sought mentorship from the UC Berkeley Engineering Department and got connected with a Mech E & EECS graduate student. Mark I of Pathfinder, a simple prototype/proof of concept, was churned out after 2 weeks, just in time for my district's science fair to win me 2nd place. Mark II was developed a few weeks later for the regional science fair, and it featured my very first PCB a simple wire connector that I created using Onboard. Mark III, was developed in the months after the science fair, I tried to create a Hexpod 5 fold larger with a system heavily centered on the PCB (I developed this PCB with Highway). However, when I finally got the PCB, soldered all of the components, and plugged it in, the core of the design: one of 3 buck converters to take 15 amps of power from the 7.4v battery to the 18 servo motors, blew up; ending Mark III.
